allow mimir alertmanager fallback config from an existing Kubernetes Secret (#12157)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

## main / unreleased

> * [CHANGE] allow mimir alertmanager fallback config from an existing Kubernetes Secret #12157

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Allow the Mimir Alertmanager to use a fallback configuration from an existing Kubernetes secret. #12157
```
